Rename `float32`/`float64` to `f32`/`f64`. (#117)
bytecodealliance/component-docs: component-model/src/design/wit.md

| `bool`                     | Boolean value - true or false. |
| `s8`, `s16`, `s32`, `s64`  | Signed integers of the appropriate width. For example, `s32` is a 32-bit integer. |
| `u8`, `u16`, `u32`, `u64`  | Unsigned integers of the appropriate width. For example, `u32` is a 32-bit integer. |
| `f32`, `f64`               | Floating-point numbers of the appropriate width. For example, `f64` is a 64-bit (double precision) floating-point number. See the note on NaNs below. |
| `char`                     | Unicode character. (Specifically, a [Unicode scalar value](https://unicode.org/glossary/#unicode_scalar_value).) |
| `string`                   | A Unicode string - that is, a finite sequence of characters. |

> The `f32` and `f64` types support the usual set of IEEE 754 single and double-precision values, except that they logically only have a single NaN value. NaN payloads are not guaranteed to be preserved when values pass through WIT interfaces.

Reviewer: The first time I read the last sentence, my reaction was "wait, we can't pass NaNs?"  Which of course is not what you meant.  How do you feel about saying something like this to perhaps clarify it?

```suggestion
The `f32` and `f64` types support the usual set of IEEE 754 single and double-precision values, except that they logically only have a single NaN value. The exact bit-level representation of a NaN is not guaranteed to be preserved when values pass through WIT interfaces.
```

Author: Yeah, that's a better way to say it. Thanks!
